1. This was a really interesting task. The tutorial was very clear and easy to understand. I think it was very helpful when I completed the final passage.
2. Very great tutorial, I loved how it walked me through each and every step making sure I understood.
3. excellent interface and very precise instructions!  out of curiousity, what is the time-frame and scale for this project? several weeks? months? hundreds or thousands of hits?  I have a ton of projects during the autumn normally but will definitely make time for this if it's going to be around for more than a day or two.  Looking forward to working with you folks if possible!
4. I actually enjoyed this. Thank you for the opportunity.
5. it was interesting a bit difficult but overall gave a lot of feedback necessary to do a good job. 
6. I loved the tutorial and the layout.  I am still a little bit unsure about a couple of the entities and hope I got it right. For example: would 'legs' be in 'his' because it refers to that person? I wasn't sure and made them separate.
7. I loved how this tutorial was set up. It was easy to use and made me very interested in doing the actual HITs. It would have been nice to be able to print out a quick reference guide or something, so we could refer to the instructions from before while we completed the final task. I don't think it would be needed for very long after starting the real HITs, but it would still be nice to have.
8. On the last test section, there was no place for feedback. There was a section that said ""it was getting dark"" ""It was getting late"" Both of those refer to a time of day, but one is light, one is the hour, so I marked them as different. Not sure of how broad or narrow we need to be when justifying ""same"" entities, as there is an argument either way.
9. I just wanted to say that I really appreciated how efficiently put together and clear this tutorial was.
10. This was a unique task. Thank you. 
11. I feel much better with the help and feedback. It was interesting and definitely way different in a good way than the usual survey. I did my best and I hope I did well enough. Keep safe and Happy Holidays no matter what happens.
